[lldb][Docs] Document vFile:exists and vFile:MD5 (#89357)
llvm/llvm-project: lldb/docs/lldb-platform-packets.txt

//
//  Response is F, followed by the number of bytes written (base 16)

//----------------------------------------------------------------------
// vFile:MD5:
//
// BRIEF
//  Generate an MD5 hash of the file at the given path.
//
// EXAMPLE
//
//  receive: vFile:MD5:2f746d702f61
//  send (success): F,00000000000000001111111111111111
//  send (failure): F,x
//
//  request packet contains the ASCII hex encoded filename
//

> //  If the hash succeeded, the response is "F," followed by the low 64

Reviewer: As an aside does this mean that the hash as seen in the packet has the low and high 64 bits swapped from what would be displayed by e.g. the md5 command? For example `e9800998ecf8427ed41d8cd98f00b204` for an empty file rather than `d41d8cd98f00b204e9800998ecf8427e`

Reviewer 2: By the way, I remember observing that the hash that comes out from `CalculateMD5` differed from the `md5sum` command before. Like entirely - not just the halves swapped.

Author: We do:
```
auto Result = llvm::sys::fs::md5_contents(path);
```
Then if we look into that, I see:
```
    uint64_t low() const {
      // Our MD5 implementation returns the result in little endian, so the low
      // word is first.
```
I guess that `md5sum` shows the result as a 128 bit number in the usual "big endian" style.

As to why the result might be entirely different, perhaps you were seeing the little endian difference but if not, no idea why. As you say if it's incorrect then it's been so for a long time.

> //  bits of the result, then the high 64 bits of the result. Both are hex

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
//  bits of the result, and finally the high 64 bits of the result. Both are in hex format
```

Author: Done.
